README.md, before:

# SerialPlot

Small and simple software for plotting data from serial port.

![SerialPlot v0.2 Screenshot](http://i.imgur.com/l7mNWfB.png)

## Features
* Reading data from serial port
* Binary data formats (u)int8, (u)int16, (u)int32, float
* ASCII input (Comma Separated Values)
* Synchronized multi channel plotting

## Installation

You can obtain installation packages from
[downloads](https://bitbucket.org/hyOzd/serialplot/downloads). As of
moment there is only Debian and Windows 64 bits packages.

## Dependencies
- Qt 5, including SerialPort module
- Qwt 6.1

## Building

### Obtain Dependencies

- Qt5 development packages
- Qt5 SerialPort module
- CMake
- Mercurial

Under Ubuntu/Debian:
```sudo apt-get install qtbase5-dev libqt5serialport5-dev cmake mercurial```

### Download and Install Qwt

[Qwt](http://qwt.sourceforge.net) is the library that provides
plotting widgets for SerialPlot. As of this moment there is no
appropriate version of Qwt in debian repositories. You will need to
download and build Qwt with Qt5 yourself.

Download Qwt 6 from here: http://sourceforge.net/projects/qwt/files/

Follow these instructions to build and install:
http://qwt.sourceforge.net/qwtinstall.html#qwtinstall-unix

Make sure that you have built the Qwt with Qt 5 not Qt 4.

### Download and Build SerialPlot

You can use Mercurial to download SerialPlot source code. Or you can
download it from here:
https://bitbucket.org/hyOzd/serialplot/downloads

    hg clone https://hyOzd@bitbucket.org/hyOzd/serialplot
    cd serialplot
    mkdir build && cd build
    cmake ..
    make

You can also build with QtCreator IDE using `serialplot.pro` file.

## Known Issues
- Port error 13 happens when closing. This is a Qt issue. It's known
  to not happen with Qt 5.4.1 . Not fatal.

## License
This software is licensed under GPLv3. See file COPYING for details.

Commit message:

added "user entered port name forgotten" issue to README

README.md, after:

# SerialPlot

Small and simple software for plotting data from serial port.

![SerialPlot v0.2 Screenshot](http://i.imgur.com/l7mNWfB.png)

## Features
* Reading data from serial port
* Binary data formats (u)int8, (u)int16, (u)int32, float
* ASCII input (Comma Separated Values)
* Synchronized multi channel plotting

## Installation

You can obtain installation packages from
[downloads](https://bitbucket.org/hyOzd/serialplot/downloads). As of
moment there is only Debian and Windows 64 bits packages.

## Dependencies
- Qt 5, including SerialPort module
- Qwt 6.1

## Building

### Obtain Dependencies

- Qt5 development packages
- Qt5 SerialPort module
- CMake
- Mercurial

Under Ubuntu/Debian:
```sudo apt-get install qtbase5-dev libqt5serialport5-dev cmake mercurial```

### Download and Install Qwt

[Qwt](http://qwt.sourceforge.net) is the library that provides
plotting widgets for SerialPlot. As of this moment there is no
appropriate version of Qwt in debian repositories. You will need to
download and build Qwt with Qt5 yourself.

Download Qwt 6 from here: http://sourceforge.net/projects/qwt/files/

Follow these instructions to build and install:
http://qwt.sourceforge.net/qwtinstall.html#qwtinstall-unix

Make sure that you have built the Qwt with Qt 5 not Qt 4.

### Download and Build SerialPlot

You can use Mercurial to download SerialPlot source code. Or you can
download it from here:
https://bitbucket.org/hyOzd/serialplot/downloads

    hg clone https://hyOzd@bitbucket.org/hyOzd/serialplot
    cd serialplot
    mkdir build && cd build
    cmake ..
    make

You can also build with QtCreator IDE using `serialplot.pro` file.

## Known Issues
- If user enters a port name by hand and doesn't press enter (which
  is not necessary) port is closed and name is forgotten when clicked
  "Refresh Port List".
- Port error 13 happens when closing. This is a Qt issue. It's known
  to not happen with Qt 5.4.1 . Not fatal.

## License
This software is licensed under GPLv3. See file COPYING for details.
